---
layout: post
published: 2015-03-05T18:52:19-06:00
title: Howdy!
author: Brandy & David
profile_link: "/media/profile-pics/brandy-50x50@2x.jpg"
---
One month ago, we filed our paperwork with the tax assessor and Shepherd Dog officially came to life. Since then we have been working with clients and building our own website which we are thrilled to share today.

## Who We Are
We are Brandy Thomas and David Brunow. We live in Denton and love the small town feel here, where strangers smile and say hello and local businesses are run by real people who want to know you.

## Why We've Created Shepherd Dog
Whether it’s connecting with your customers, keeping track of everything you need to run your business, or providing efficient tools for your employees to use, technology is now an integral part of the daily operations for all businesses. No matter the industry, some sort of technology is used to help keep businesses moving forward. However many business owners can’t or simply don’t have the time to devote the necessary effort or resources into good technology that does exactly what they need it to. That’s where we come in.

We see a need for our particular set of skills. We see small businesses losing customers because they don't have newer technology. We've lived in situations where technology vendors for critical parts of our business were unresponsive when we needed their help. And we’ve seen businesses purchase and try to use out of the box tools that just don’t cover their needs which leads to unnecessary stress and frustration for all parties involved. We've felt the lack of control you feel when someone is talking in jargon that you don't understand and you don't know whether to believe them or not. At one point, all the bad parts of technology led Brandy to believe that she hated technology and wanted nothing to do with it. Until she realized that it could be done differently – that it was the people and their motivations that mattered. Since that realization she has submerged herself into technology to attempt to remove that unnecessary stress and frustration wherever possible.

We are the opposite of the stereotypical technology workers. We love customer service and we strongly believe that you should be able to understand as much about the technology in your business as you want. We will explain everything to you in English rather than robot-speak.

We also want to show the world that a business can succeed without cutting corners. We are devoted to doing things the right way and while we know we can't be perfect, we will always learn from our mistakes and do what we can to correct them.

Now we’re partnering together as Shepherd Dog and hope to improve the lives of those around us on a daily basis by making custom technology that is customer/user oriented. We focus on how the tool works for those using it, not on the easiest way to build it at the highest profit. We want to make a difference in our community and the best way for us to do that is to share the talents we have.

## What You'll Find On This Blog
Thanks for taking the time and attention to read our first post. Going forward, this blog will be how we share our triumphs, failures, and things we learn along the way. We will be as transparent as possible -- we want to share everything so other small businesses have another data point to inform their decisions on how they want to build and shape their business. You'll also find information on volunteering we are doing in the community and fun facts we find interesting. Of course, you'll get some updates from our shepherd-mutt mascot from time to time as well.

If you want to know when we make new posts, follow us on Twitter [@ShepherdDogHQ](https://www.twitter.com/ShepherdDogHQ).